Dad brother
Big brother big brother
Brother, are you alright?
I didn't succeed after all
I deserted the army for 10 years
I have been practicing silently for 10 years
Ultimately failed
uncle
It's good that you can stand up for Zhangjiacun
Uncle, you have done enough
Leave the rest to us, I'll do it
Village Chief, here I come
The descendants of your Armed Yuan are simply vulnerable
I think you might as well put the armed Yuan Ancestral Hall
Take it apart
Ahahahaha, don't deceive people too much.
Don't want to be bullied by us
Just lift this 500-kilogram stone mill.
Can you? Hahaha.
With all due respect
Your Qiaojiacun is rubbish
Even the entire building
Garbage in front of my son
Biqun State with my son
Your entire building is no match
Hahahaha
Who said I shot no one?
I am the champion
So you still inherit the martial arts champion seal, I am only 500kg
And I'm going to show you.
The style of my descendants